  Control Your Money!
Un portefeuille BANK est un portefeuille crypté sécurisé et entièrement décentralisé prenant en charge des principales crypto-monnaies, notamment les jetons Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash et ERC 20.  Le nombre de monnaies prises en charge est progressivement ajouté à chaque émission.

Un portefeuille BANK constitue un moyen pratique de commencer à travailler avec des Bitcoins et d’autres crypto-monnaies. Vous n'avez pas besoin de comprendre le travail interne de crypto-monnaie pour pouvoir l'utiliser.
Il a été développé en utilisant les meilleures pratiques, de la conception jusqu’ à l’utilisation du protocole Blockchain.

  INDÉPENDANT ET DÉCENTRALISÉ 
Le portefeuille BANK est complètement décentralisé, le fonctionnement de cette application ne dépend pas des serveurs. Il ne peut être ni arrêté ni bloqué. Le portefeuille se connecte directement aux réseaux de crypto-monnaies, par exemple au réseau Bitcoin. Cette approche permet au portefeuille BANK de fonctionner n’importe où et sans restriction. Only the user is in control of the money.
Most crypto wallet apps out there are centralized. The funds are stored on a remote server which is operated by the wallet provider. Due to the unregulated nature of the cryptocurrencies there are no mechanisms in place to guarantee that a wallet provider doesn't cheat or that provider's servers not get hacked.
Being a fully decentralized app the BANK wallet implements all of its functionality in a decentralized manner. Every single feature in the app is implemented in a decentralized manner substantially increasing the security and privacy aspects of the wallet.
There are no centrally managed servers that can fail, and as a result stop app from functioning.

  Secure & Open Source
The entire code of the BANK wallet is public and open-source, giving an option for anyone to analyze all of its code. It works exactly as shown in the code. It can't cheat!
The BANK wallet stores user's private keys and funds encrypted on a device itself using secure native storage mechanisms provided by Android operating systems. Only user can access and use his or her funds.
In case of a device loss or replacement the user may easily restore the wallet using a secret 12-word recovery phrase. 
In fact, with the help of these secret phrase the user may restore the wallet and access funds on any deterministic wallet (aka HD wallet) not just the BANK wallet 

NOTE: DO NOT install the BANK wallet on a jailbroken device due to substantial security risks. A jailbroken Android operating system cannot guarantee the security of your private keys. This means that some malicious app running on jailbroken device can potentially access the private keys for your funds and steal them.

DISCLAIMER:

1. This Wallet is in its early days and just like any other software product it may have undiscovered issues which may potentially result in wallet having problems, like say the loss of access to specific transactions. While the wallet has been thoroughly tested over and over no one can say for sure that it's error-free. We believe it to be very secure, more than any crypto currency app out there.

2. DO NOT EVER install the BANK wallet on a jailbroken or tempered device due to substantial security risks. A jailbroken Android cannot guarantee the security of your private keys. This means that some malicious app running on jailbroken device can potentially access the private keys for your funds and steal them.

3. Source Code: https://github.com/horizontalsystems

